Create new export topics structure (#646)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/ExportDataGridProps/customizeCell.md

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <Dx{WidgetName}>
            
        </Dx{WidgetName}>
    </template>

    <script>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import Dx{WidgetName}, {
        "!!!!USED COMPONENTS"
    } from 'devextreme-vue/{widget-name}';

    export default {
        components: {
            Dx{WidgetName},
            "!!!!USED COMPONENTS"
        },
        data() {
            return {
                
            }
        },
        methods: {
            
        }
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import {WidgetName}, {
        "!!!!USED COMPONENTS"
    } from 'devextreme-react/{widget-name}';

    class App extends React.Component {
        constructor(props) {
            super(props);
        }

        render() {
            return (
                <{WidgetName}>
                    
                </{WidgetName}>
            );
        }
    }
    export default App;

---

#include common-demobutton-named with {

>     name: "Export multiple grids",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name: "Export Multiple Grids",
```

    url: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/ExportToExcel/"
}

#include common-demobutton-named with {

>     name: "Export images",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name: "Export Images",
```

>     url: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/ExportToExcel/"

Reviewer: These two links point at a wrong demo

Author: Demo- and cross-links are not ready yet, it will be the last step

A **DataGrid** cell.

---

> A snippet where Excel cells are customized 

Reviewer: Shouldn't it look more than just a sidenote?

---
##### jQuery

    <!--JavaScript-->

>     $('#gridContainer').dxDataGrid({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $("#dataGridContainer").dxDataGrid({
```

>     $('#gridContainer').dxDataGrid({

Reviewer: Add a the `$(function() { })` wrapper.

        export: {
            enabled: true
        },
        onExporting(e) {

>             // ...

Reviewer: You should show the file actually being saved because it would be problematic for the reader to find this information.

>             customizeCell: function(options) {

Reviewer: `customizeCell` is a field of an object passed to the `exportDataGrid` method.

                const { gridCell, excelCell } = options;

>                 // ...

Reviewer: It seems that there's nothing to skip.

A **DataGrid** cell.

---

> The following snippet illustrates how to customize the <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#fonts" target="_blank">font</a> and <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#alignment" target="_blank">alignment</a> options of the [data cells](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Row/#rowType):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code illustrates how to customize <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#fonts" target="_blank">font</a> and <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#alignment" target="_blank">alignment</a> in cells whose [rowType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Row/#rowType) equals *"data"*:
```

---
##### jQuery

    <!--JavaScript-->
    $(function() {
        $("#dataGridContainer").dxDataGrid({
            // ...
            export: {
                enabled: true
            },
            onExporting(e) {
                var workbook = new ExcelJS.Workbook();
                var worksheet = workbook.addWorksheet('Companies');

                DevExpress.excelExporter.exportDataGrid({
                    component: e.component,
                    worksheet: worksheet,
                    topLeftCell: { row: 2, column: 2 },
                    customizeCell: function(options) {
                        var { gridCell, excelCell } = options;

                        if(gridCell.rowType === 'data') {
                            excelCell.font = { color: { argb: 'FF0000FF' }, underline: true };
                            excelCell.alignment = { horizontal: 'left' };
                        }
                    }
                }).then(function() {
                    workbook.xlsx.writeBuffer().then(function(buffer) {

>                     saveAs(new Blob([buffer], { type: "application/octet-stream" }), "Companies.xlsx");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        saveAs(new Blob([buffer], { type: "application/octet-stream" }), "Companies.xlsx");
```

    <!-- tab: app.component.ts -->
    import { Component } from '@angular/core';
    import { exportDataGrid } from 'devextreme/excel_exporter';
    import ExcelJS from 'exceljs';
    import saveAs from 'file-saver';
    
    @Component({
        selector: 'app-root',
        templateUrl: './app.component.html',
        styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
    })
    export class AppComponent {
        onExporting(e) {
            const workbook = new ExcelJS.Workbook();
            const worksheet = workbook.addWorksheet('Companies');

            exportDataGrid({
                component: e.component,
                worksheet: worksheet,
                topLeftCell: { row: 2, column: 2 },
                customizeCell: function(options) {
                    const { gridCell, excelCell } = options;
                    
                    if(gridCell.rowType === 'data') {
                        excelCell.font = { color: { argb: 'FF0000FF' }, underline: true };
                        excelCell.alignment = { horizontal: 'left' };
                    }
                }
            }).then(function() {
                workbook.xlsx.writeBuffer().then(function(buffer) {

>                 saveAs(new Blob([buffer], { type: "application/octet-stream" }), "Companies.xlsx");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    saveAs(new Blob([buffer], { type: "application/octet-stream" }), "Companies.xlsx");
```

    import { DxDataGrid, DxExport } from 'devextreme-vue/data-grid';
    import { exportDataGrid } from 'devextreme/excel_exporter';
    import ExcelJS from 'exceljs';
    import saveAs from 'file-saver';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxDataGrid,
            DxExport
        },
        methods: {
            onExporting(e) {
                const workbook = new ExcelJS.Workbook();
                const worksheet = workbook.addWorksheet('Companies');

                exportDataGrid({
                    component: e.component,
                    worksheet: worksheet,
                    topLeftCell: { row: 2, column: 2 },
                    customizeCell: function(options) {
                        const { gridCell, excelCell } = options;
                        
                        if(gridCell.rowType === 'data') {
                            excelCell.font = { color: { argb: 'FF0000FF' }, underline: true };
                            excelCell.alignment = { horizontal: 'left' };
                        }
                    }
                }).then(function() {
                    workbook.xlsx.writeBuffer().then(function(buffer) {

>                     saveAs(new Blob([buffer], { type: "application/octet-stream" }), "Companies.xlsx");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        saveAs(new Blob([buffer], { type: "application/octet-stream" }), "Companies.xlsx");
```

    import ExcelJS from 'exceljs';
    import saveAs from 'file-saver';
    import { exportDataGrid } from 'devextreme/excel_exporter';

    class App extends React.Component {
        render() {
            return (
                <DataGrid ...
                    onExporting={this.onExporting}>
                    <Export enabled={true} />
                </DataGrid>
            );
        }

        onExporting(e) {
            const workbook = new ExcelJS.Workbook();
            const worksheet = workbook.addWorksheet('Companies');

            exportDataGrid({
                component: e.component,
                worksheet: worksheet,
                topLeftCell: { row: 2, column: 2 },
                customizeCell: function(options) {
                    const { gridCell, excelCell } = options;
                    
                    if(gridCell.rowType === 'data') {
                        excelCell.font = { color: { argb: 'FF0000FF' }, underline: true };
                        excelCell.alignment = { horizontal: 'left' };
                    }
                }
            }).then(function() {
                workbook.xlsx.writeBuffer().then(function(buffer) {

>                 saveAs(new Blob([buffer], { type: "application/octet-stream" }), "Companies.xlsx");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    saveAs(new Blob([buffer], { type: "application/octet-stream" }), "Companies.xlsx");
```
